
Gospel: GO SPEcial Library
==========================

(c) 2010-2012 Bernd Fix   >Y<

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Packages
--------

- gospel/parser: Read/access/write nested data structures
- gospel/network: Network-related functionality (services,TOR,...)
- gospel/bitcoin/ecc: Elliptic curve crypto (Secp256k1, as used by bitcoin)
- gospel/math: Mathematical helpers (FFT,...)
- gospel/crypto: cryptographic helpers (secret sharing, prime fields, PRNG)
- gospel/logger: logging facilities
- gospel/data: useful data structures like stacks, vectors,...

Install
-------

This version is designed for the Go1 release.

(1) Let '<gospel>' be the base directory of this repository, i.e. the
    directory where this 'README.mkd' file is located.
     
(2) Change into the '<gospel>/src/' directory and enter one of the following
    commands:
	* 'make install': This will compile and install all archives locally.
	* 'make test':    Run unit tests.
	* 'make clean':   Remove build archives.
    
(3) If you want to use the libraries in another project, you need to add this
    project to the GOPATH:
    
    	$ export GOPATH=${GOPATH}:<gospel>
